# Writing Records

## Integrate Writing

### TOP-24

In the passage, there are three possible theories that explain that T.rex's fossils may reveal the existence of blood vessels, red blood cells, and collagen matrix. However, this statement is not in agreement with the lecture which points out that those hypotheses are skeptical.

Firstly, the reading passage asserts that T.rex's leg bone revealed some branching channels which might indicate the existence of the blood vessels. Nevertheless, the professor, in contrast to the reading, insists that the blood vessels were probably formed by other organisms such as bacterial because such organisms can colonize the tunnel and several remains of the colonization were indeed found in those fossils.

Secondly, according to the reading, there are numerous spheres founded in the inner bone of the fossils which might suggest that red blood cells existed. On the contrary, the professor disapproves of this viewpoint and proposes that the spheres could not be the evidence of the blood cells because those spheres were also found in the animals which didn't have any blood cells like primitives. The spheres might be formed in other places.

Finally, the author in the reading passage addresses that the leg bone tested by scientists contained collagen, but the speaker is skeptical about this opinion. She maintains that the collagen cannot last longer than one hundred thousand years. If this collagen was really found in the leg bone, it would contradict with the current acknowledge. Furthermore, the collagen might come from other animals like human skins.



### TOP-25

In the passage, there are three possible reasons that explain the fact that vessels found in Iraq might not be used as electric batteries in ancient times. However, this statement is not in agreement with the lecture which points out that those ideas are not convincing.

Firstly, the reading passage asserts that if the vessels were used as batteries, some conductors might be used to work with the vessels, but no such conductors were founded. Nevertheless, the professor, in contrast to the reading, insists that the people who found those vessels were some locals, not the archaeologists. It is possible that some other materials may be neglected by the local residents such as the conductors.

Secondly, according to the reading, the copper cylinders founded in the jars just look like the ones discovered in Seleucia where the copper cylinders were used for holding scrolls. On the contrary, the professor disapproves of this viewpoint and proposes that copper cylinders which were made to hold the scrolls can not support the idea. Although the copper cylinders in the jars might have the function to hold the scrolls just like the ones founded in Seleucia, they could also function as the batteries by working with some other materials.

Finally, the author in the reading passage addresses that at that time there were no devices for people to make use of the electricity generated by the vessels, but the speaker is skeptical about this opinion. She maintains that there did exist some scenes that people can use the electricity. For example, the local people might use the electricity to shock people in order to demonstrate their magic power or to heal the patients.



## Independent Writing